# Analysis-of-People-s-choice-on-working-mode
The purpose of this project is to investigate the factors that may affect an employee’s preference for working from home (WFH) or working from the office (WFO). This project will involve collecting data from a survey of multiple people, where the survey responses will be used to generate a dataset that includes features such as age, job type, kids and location etc. This dataset will then be used to create a model that will predict an individual’s preference for WFH or WFO based on the features in the dataset. Participants in the survey will be asked to answer questions related to their job type, age, location and any other relevant demographic or lifestyle details. The survey responses will then be used to generate a dataset which will include the following features: age, job type, salary, location, and other demographic information. The survey responses will also be used to determine the target variable, which will be an individual’s preference for WFH or WFO. Once we have our dataset, we will be able to use it to build a model that can predict an individual’s preference for WFH or WFO. I will be using a variety of machine learning algorithms to construct the model, such as logistic regression, linear regression, one way anowa, and other supervised learning algorithms. Once the model is built, it will then be tested to see how well its predictions match up with the actual results of the survey. 

This project is a great opportunity to explore how different factors may play a role in an individual’s preference for working from home or going to the office. It can also be used to gain a better understanding of how an individual’s job type, salary, age, location and other demographic details can influence their decision to work from home or the office. By understanding the factors that can impact an individual’s decision, employers and managers can better design policies that take into account the needs of their employees.
